some things you have to do that some
appearance is some stuff like that this
is the under-17 squad all you want to do
is you signed up to play not this other
stuff sometimes you have to do but you
have to do that because for fans and
welcome to the house
but yes I'd say it's everything started
out with a nice smoothie breakfast then
I get to practice as quick as possible
and and then we just had a nice it's
pretty fairly light practice today
because we got a game tomorrow so one
two too hard but it's pretty hot out so
got a good sweat and then now practice
is over now I get to get relaxed and get
the feet up get ready for the game this
is me the bush seth Trembley also played
here football brazilian way it's not bad
isn't alright book this dude he painted
these up for me you can barely see now
but we sign all these so that hopefully
get more fans i think right charity so
it's grow up time there's always always
something that you can make and so
always looking to get better improve as
a player and there's always an you know
another there's always a national team
there's always a game to make there's a
there's always europe out there and
really like until we
a championship here we're always
striving for that and then I'm sure once
we do that we're gonna be looking to get
the next one and repeat so I'm not
really I'm happy here I like where we're
headed
I feel like we have a really young team
with some talent and I think we can
build off it this is really the first
year the team spent together and you
look at a lot of the good teams out
there I've been together for years and
years and and it's just the core that
you start to build and then you just add
like pieces here and there so this year
we built that core I think and so we're
just gonna keep you know getting better
as we play together and grow together
you know when we do lose try and race it
as quick as possible and and get a win
it's you know as fast as possible so I
can get that losing taste out of my
mouth this the man got it down got some
Reds white with red he will do some
serious damage with these but if we get
to the playoffs and go farther than it
would probably be in these the guy was
playing against was like man would you
what you got there you paint those up
like not took them in it's like that's
tight this is really good thank you I
know something I want to tell you
welcome to the house
this isn't cribs but Redskins show you
around and this is what we're really
working for is that star to put on top
of Real Salt Lake crest so imagine that
Real Salt Lake with that stuff from
Maryland we eat blue crabs play lacrosse
soccer as well and we most of us we
cheer for the Redskins sometimes you'll
get like any great got a great win or
you guys are doing great we'd love to
watch you guys and that's always great
to hear it's good it's good feeling that
you know we people like to watch us and
I think we have some of the best support
and tell all the MLS like it's here no
matter what you're getting paid it's the
same you want a championship in the NBA
or NFL and you win a championship an MLS
it's gonna be the same feeling so
something we can strive for and that
money or fame has nothing to do with
that's pretty cool
I'm starting to feel a little bit home
here in Salt Lake but it took a while
definitely